[RUM] review (#6073)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/_index.md

| View           | Each time a user goes on a page of the setup application, a view event is created. While the user remains on that view, all data collected is attached to that view with the `view.id` attribute .                                                                                         |
| Resource       | A resource event can be generated for images, XHR/Fetch, CSS, or JS libraries. It contains information about the resource, like its name and its associated loading duration.                                                                                                                  |
| Long task      | Any task in a browser that blocks the main thread for more than 50ms is considered a long task and gets a specific event generation. This causes input latency, event handling latency, etc. Only available in Chrome and Opera. See the [Long Task MDN documentation][1] for more information. |

> | Error          | Every time a front end error is emitted by the browser, RUM catches it and sends it as an Error Event to Datadog.                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Error          | Every time a frontend error is emitted by the browser, RUM catches it and sends it as an Error Event to Datadog.                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
